Do you know where the HMC in 1953 had investigated Fort Mama?
I have learned where that Fort Mama was investigated prior to the summer of 1953.
When did Secretary Stevens come into office?
The State Archivist came into office and they either specularized or early March of 1953.
Do you know where the HMC in 1953 had investigated at all?
He was designated agency to investigate Fort Mama.
Any time I came into office.
I know that the Secretary had Fort Mama very thoroughly investigated in the fall of 1953.
I don't know whether he had investigated prior that summer.
The right to Senator McCarthy had initiated his investigation.
I believe it was. Yes, I believe it was.
Senator Senator had initiated his investigation. I believe that so.
Do you know whether or not the investigating agency of the Army discovered the presence of any communist or those with communist dignity as well as out of its investigation and in addition to the 33 that were uncovered by the McCarthy Committee?
I certainly am not trying to stop anything and my answer to this question.
But I am not in the chair of the Army for a million with the details of the Fort Mama's investigation.
I didn't get your answer. I am not personally familiar with the details of the Fort Mama's investigation.
I was... started about the time. At least the first time I was concerned about the time that I was relieved this case of life-saving.
The Army discovered none of the communists, no persons will question a little background in 1953.
And the Senator McCarthy Committee and his staff discovered 33 with this U.S. Army man considered that a reflection of the efficiency of the investigating agency of the Army.
Mr. James, I don't have to answer that as a hypothetical question.
Because I don't believe those things are true.
I don't believe that. I don't have to answer that.
I would say that we have been remissioned in our very important things.
Would you further say, like that question, that I am the same you, the state general?
That's the Pentagon. You, you're all received approximately a thousand calls from weepers from Senators, congressmen, others in connection with the First Medal of Army.
Not a thousand calls, but Jack and a thousand cases of weep are in connection with all of the activities of the Army.
It doesn't involve solely personnel, all the activities.
How many calls from the average of weep that you say the Army received with respect to some favor our preferential treatment, whether a commissioner leaves a reference to otherwise?
Of anyone in the Army?
Based on my experience, I would say that the Army received very few requests for faith.
We get a tremendous number of requests for information.
A very large number, but very few requests for faith.
The chairman has no further questions. I call on him and I call on him.
Just one of them questions. If I send it to our congressman, all you would respect.
To gain a soldier, a leave of absence to go home on the count of illness and in the family, do you regard that as asking for preferential treatment?
I certainly do not. Do you regard it as asking for preferential treatment? If an applicant applies for a direct submission, if he has the qualifications?
I certainly do not. He is not his wife. As an American citizen to apply for a position in the Army, if he possesses the qualifications?
His wife is privileged. I hope he does.
Though, as to making applications or as to making requests, under many circumstances, there is no request for preferential treatment.
No, there would be no request for preferential treatment in this case.
Insofar as the application was concerned for a direct submission, that is not a request for preferential treatment.
It is not a request for preferential treatment to apply for a direct submission.
When we open the applicants fails, but that is the request for qualifications and in.
Someone insists that disregarding those lack of qualifications that he decommissioned, that is they make requests as it is not for preferential treatment.
I would consider it a request yet.
In the year, yesterday, the one I was generally the only one who could keep the record straight, I asked you a little out of control.
When Senator McCracky, I think that Senator McCracky asked me from the room.
When is somebody else, under staff, under Mr. Colton?
I had to call you with respect to the shy incase and I thought you answered with no.
That was my answer, Sharon. It's still my answer.
I know that in the memorandum that has been filed in the committee, that Mr. Colton is making his non-mentioned until the year 2nd of October.
So I wondered about the first question to which you responded whether, as far as you had contact with Mr. Colton, as well as with others on the shy incase.
As I understood the first question, the first question was merely, did I know Mr. Colton on a July?
My memory was incorrect and I admitted frankings.
That's all.
Any questions?
I'm just a bit nervous.
For a long time, I raised about one Mr. Carl, I went towards the committee. I think it would be well to have in the record the big slam the announcement was made that he was the busy, new staff director and Blanney, formally, went towards full of the committee.
Madam, Mr. Chairman, I don't believe you have the opportunity to hear my request.
I suggest that in order to keep the record straight, that there be some evidence that this has to when Mr. Carl was appointed the announcement, when the announcement was made obvious appointment and when he formally went towards full of the committee.
I have the, that should be submitted more.
I have the committee with me.
Thank you.
Senator, I am over.
Senator, what's that?
Mr. Wilson, Mr. Tanks, sir.
Nothing further.
Senator McCartney, Mr. Colton.
I have a few further questions.
Mr. River, you said that I have to call you.
I forget the date that you said you were late.
Just to refresh your recollection, actually, I have not called you.
Someone from my staff, I told you, and asked you to drop me off of the convenience list of my tracks.
That is correct, yes, sir.
That's my name.
Work hard, God bless.
You have the drive me to come to your office.
And when you came to the office, I told you that Mr. Shien told you his incredible information.
I asked you what I not he was in your opinion.
It's still how you apply for it.
You told me about the witness background.
He wasn't had more commission.
You told me how he should apply.
Is that correct?
That is correct.
I did say that in view of the service that I understood him to have for the Army Transport Service in 1946, I thought he was properly.
So you don't feel that I was asking for any special consideration for him?
No, sir.
I can't say that you were an officer in the press.
I told you that I would be too busy to keep the track.
The list of Mr. Shien was the rightful personal friend of Mr. Cohn.
I wish you would have your office notified Mr. Cohn if any progress was made.
And if Mr. Shien is not entitled to a commission, I would ask you to know how Mr. Cohn is.
Is that a report of time that you requested that I keep Mr. Cohn in my office to Mr. Cohn, posted on a private ticket?
No, no.
Mr. Wells asked you whether or not you were keeping aware of the fact that Mr. Cohn was the chief counsel for our commission.
You answered it yet.
But you tell us why you were keeping aware of that.
I know that I know in general the function of your committee.
I know that Mr. Cohn had that spring I believe and appointed as chief counsel of the committee.
And I know that as such he would have a great deal of I should be in private and private in my own mind.
He would have a great deal with the Army and of course the month's follow-up made it.
He's firmly doing your work.
Well now that he's about to send over the river's activities as major will keep the aware of the fact that Mr. Cohn was chief counsel.
Now a step.
You know that Mr. Sam Reaver was a superior to Mr. Cohn.
Mr. Cohn, Mr. Shien, we're sent to Europe by me to inspect the libraries that your brother, Mr. Sam Reaver, repeatedly made a tax upon line
that your brother, Mr. Sam Reaver appointed a man to shuttle them throughout Europe and keep the press informed as the brother was going to be, whether it's stopping.
They were aware of that at the time that you were making a great effort to get the situation as you say for Mr. Shien.
That's the time I'm here to share.
Please, gentlemen, I'm not I'm not that family chairman.
I must object to the question that any answer there has been long ago.
Just answer it specifically for me or other message to the issue.
Mr. Chairman, I cannot show a buy-up and prejudice in the part of my witness.
Then that's the last and overrule of law.
But I know that Mr. Jackson said I've got to respect for your ability to lawyer.
I think that you are trying to do it from which the show is not there.
The more about you, you know, and the different from rules of law, especially when I've been interpreted by me as any buy-up and your price.
But this, uh, General has been before the committee before.
He's been before us when I tried to get him together information about those who cover up communist and government.
That was his first time like the Mr. Cohn.
I'm not saying that my man has made Mr. Cohn, I'm not saying that.
I'm just saying that Mr. Cohn has made his statement that we, uh, felt that Mr. Cohn was using improper pressure.
If they some Mr. Cohn was doing under my instruction, then my opinion is completely false.
And I think I'm entitled to show a little bit on the part of this with him.
I don't know if I realized the normal feeling of Jim Ann Hall's brother.
I don't attribute any evil, uh, more of an impact.
Uh, after the trip to Europe, which is rather a special fact about Mr. Cohn and Mr. Cohn,
and it's that we have no knowledge of the relationship.
The Mr. River came to my office, my discuss.
Man, I'm going to say it.
Mr. River came to my office, my discuss.
The question of what are not Mr. Cohn and Logan Pattler or commission?
Mr. River said he wasn't telling anyone his, uh, uh, judgment.
When I face the fifth, when I finish my fifth, you're giving testimony.
Mr. Ruffman, if I have a right to object in time, I say, I'm just going to move my question.
But let's let me take my position, will you?
Well, I don't want your testimony.
A lot of facts here, like you want to take the right thing.
I don't mind your saying it.
I don't want to see what's the right question.
That was objected to.
I am making the position now that I am entitled to ask the question.
The show moves on the part of this witness.
That's all right.
Uh, I, I, I, I, I read today's Mr. Jackson's.
I, I mean, I tell you, I know that, uh, the very able chunk of Mr. Jackson did not commit other patients or late.
He does not know that I had a great deal of trouble with this particular witness,
both before this committee, and in instructions of the new year, which is in New York.
I want to do it in all of those matters.
So, that is the counsel's check.
It is marking that Senator McCarthy, as they write to ask of this witness,
any statement designed or calculated to show a motive on his part,
the color or the starkest testimony, but not to make a statement of fact as the senator was saying,
he will put his statements in the form of questions.
Then on that of me, he has he right to show a motive on the part of any witness,
the speech was made by the law of due reference to the senator.
He was not doing that.
He was making a statement of fact.
That is the basis of my objection.
We have some of the journalists, many of them, but actually, well taken.
That's questions.
Very clear.
I think the attention is well taken.
Mr. Chairman, I think may be counsel.
The question was well taken.
I will refer to the senator.
I will refer to the question.
Mr. Chairman, at the time, if you were processing the application of the gentleman,
and signed for a commission, were you aware of the fact that he had had a very unpleasant experience
with your brother with the acting and acting commissioner in terms of it?
I was not aware, Senator, of any specific experience with my brother.
I know that Mr. Cohen and Mr. Shine had had specific difficulties with the Department of State
during their trust to Europe in the spring of 1953, but I was not aware of any specific experience with my brother.
You have brought the new furniture brother with the acting commissioner,
at the time, at the time.
I guess.
And you have a new set of stories about the statements that your brother and my brother have made about Mr. Cohen and Mr. Shine.
I do not, for the best of my ability, recall, see any specific statements,
or shavings of my brother in the newspapers about Mr. Cohen and Mr. Shine.
Now, from your brother's office.
I do recall statements, yes, from the office to the high committee.
No, sir.
If they get expired, you can go around the table and connect to you.
Is there any other questions?
Do you have any further questions, Mr. Kentles?
No more.
Chair has none, Senator Michelle.
Anybody on this side?
Any other questions?
Do you have another ten minutes?
I think Mr. Wilson's...
A private room.
Yes, sir.
I have another set.
I'm sorry.
No.
Gentlemen, gentlemen, general...
General, when you were...
Uh, told our officer, when you had the straighter express,
and...
nothing from what Shine, in the extent that he's a private,
just know to your think that you're still shabby.
At least, uh, told me about the fact that you were the brother of a man
who had all this difficulty with Mr. Shine.
I needed to worry.
Sir, your McCarthy, his right hand, was strighted by this.
Is that so?
That...
Uh, any difficulty that Mr. Carter and Mr. Shine had had with my brother,
would have expected my actions in this case.
I certainly would have told you.
I did not have a slightest idea at that time,
and I have not had that idea up until the first moment that...
Difficulties with the high-clamation in Germany,
would in any way affect my conduct
of the processing of Mr. Shine's request for a commission?
Well, in any way affect your testimony, Your Majesty.
It certainly would not affect my testimony.
Just to reach out to your testimony, if I may,
and anything that you're testimony is left,
that you're called my office.
And I ask you whether or not that's man with a title of a commission,
because of his background, having had a...
What do you call him?
A similar definition to the Army.
His experience in an as-and-nuffigator,
that time you told me you thought he would be in title of a commission.
Blayhere, you discovered that in your opinion,
he was not in title of one,
so that as far as your concerned,
private Shine has received no special consideration.
As far as questions can be found.
I would like to say, first, Jack,
and I base my statement.
My ignore office,
that he had prepared any mightiestimation on the information
that was printed me at that time,
which to the best of my recollection was,
that Mr. Shine has served as a Hill-Mershift's office.
Mr. Shine did not so serve.
If he had served, there was a Zionist-gender regulation
in my event of the nation.
I believe he and I should have discovered later
he was not in title of a commission.
That's right.
And he did not get a commission.
He did not.
He's in title of a commission.
Yes, he is.
Have you seen the reports in the transfer of the effects
that he was deniring,
and the missions were certain schools,
which on the other hand,
he had been previously connected to this committee?
I have seen numerous stories in the press.
I believe I have seen a story somewhat to that effect.
So that if you have seen that story is true,
this would be rather ranked as a combination of the instrument
because he had worked with the committee.
That's many.
I so have to answer that and start with the hypothetical questions.
If that story was for who it was,
certainly, we have indicated that he was not
using special consideration in front of our other world.
We both saw that story in the first and we
had heard the unruly,
not that true or false.
So the story is that he was deniring,
consideration,
which he would otherwise be entitled,
because he had been connected with the committee.
Now, if that story is true,
that would mean, instead of getting special consideration,
he was discriminated against
because of his connection with the committee.
Yes, guys.
If you have a high statistical question,
keep that story true.
You would indicate that he was been discriminated against.
Now,
it's a general...
And I'm Mr. Truman.
I am...
The unaddressing mic,
itself, to the press of the world.
And I want to make it clear I'm not trying to indicate
any of the intent upon the part of this general at all.
I do think I'm not going to request the notice.
General, you were before this committee.
The number of times, I've asked.
When I was chairman.
I actually only testified
and the McCarthy once on the 8th of September of 1953.
I did in my capacity as he was a legislative liaison,
in front of me.
You are the greatest of estimates.
Time is up.
Well, at the last time we...
had films that were called a...
for people to request a number of times,
and that you are not yourself, that they committed.
It should be entitled to the reasons
of individuals in the Pentagon who had protected
and covered up coming.
That's how my difficulty getting an answer from you,
and I help you this question to pay,
because I am firmly convinced the reason we're here,
finding our time on the question of whether or not
a kind of...
received special consideration
because we're getting close to the mayor of Senna.
In the Pentagon, the old civilian politicians
sort of passed by and probably get covered up.
But now, I want to ask you today
whether you see your results as committee.
When we get to this celebration show,
should be entitled to get the names of those, for example,
who received the cases of individuals
that were suspended from court normal.
I'm not speaking now of the 33th suspension
during our investigation.
I'm speaking of the suspension that remained long before that.
Well, the past 36-10 years by Conference of Manning Officer,
I believe that they give us 35, I'm not sure.
But every time I answer, they were found on the list
by the first Army-Lawd-E-Board,
because of the communist background.
They apply it to a screening board
and a field board, a lawyer,
a lawyer, and a lawyer who doesn't know what to call it,
and the Pentagon.
And also 35 and 33th,
that is the Army-Lawd-E-Board.
Can I try to finish this question,
which I'm going to talk to you about.
You have right to include the staff
and staff that the cabinet expires.
So you may continue to make your message to them.
But also 35 and 33th.
We're going to reinstated,
put it back to support the amount of the district
that's not specified where our work is.
I have no idea.
The question I had asked about it.
I had no idea.
Thank you.
From Washington ABC Radio,
I've been re-ing you for the last hour and 25 minutes.
All the scene coverage is in the Carthi Army here.
The committee is expected to reset in a few minutes
and plans to resume the hearings this afternoon.
Statements of facts.
If we're not to list it,
any information pertinent to this inquiry,
including any motive on the part of this witness
to swear falsely or to distort this testimony.
Chair is inclined to approve the objection
as the members of the committee is still otherwise.
The family is fired,
can I answer all of your questions?
None.
None other.
The committee is now expected to recess in two minutes
and plans to resume the hearings this afternoon.
There's always a guest that you stay tuned to your ABC station.
ABC Radio, we're again,
we're prepared to bring you on the scene coverage
of the hearings over many of these days.
We'll hear this afternoon.
This program came to you from the Senate Office Building
on Capitol Hill in Washington.
This is ABC Radio Network.
You